Fixes #1283, kill sexp forward/backward copies deletion to clipboard (#1284)
BetterThanTomorrow/calva: docs/site/paredit.md

 `ctrl+alt+shift+q`                        | **Wrap Around ""** | Wraps the current form, or selection, with double quotes. Inside strings it will quote the quotes. <br> ![](images/paredit/wrap-around-quotes.gif)
 `ctrl+alt+r`<br>`ctrl+alt+p`/`s`/`c`/`q`                        | **Rewrap** | Changes enclosing brackets of the current form to parens/square brackets/curlies/double quotes.. <br> ![](images/paredit/rewrap.gif)

> !!! Note

Reviewer: I've recently learnt that you can have custom **Note** headings.

```suggestion
!!! Note "Copy to Clipboard when killing text"
```

>     Many implementations of Paredit have commands for copying/cutting while deleting. In Calva, you can have the *kill* commands copy the deleted code to the clipboard by setting `calva.paredit.killAlsoCutsToKeyboard` to `true`.  Alternatively, you may use the [selection commands](#selecting) and copy/cut once you have the selection.

Reviewer: Found a remaining `Keyboard` 😄 (Also suggesting a slightly more to-the-point note.)
```suggestion
    You can have the *kill* commands always copy the deleted code to the clipboard by setting `calva.paredit.killAlsoCutsToClipboard` to `true`.  If you want to do this more on-demand, you can kill text by using the [selection commands](#selecting) and then *Cut* once you have the selection.
```

Author: :man_facepalming: lol thanks for finding.

You can relax how Paredit's shortcuts replace VS Code built in shortcuts a bit by setting `calva.paredit.hijackVSCodeDefaults` to `false`.

You can have the kill commands copy the deleted code to the clipboard by setting `calva.paredit.killAlsoCutsToKeyboard` to `true`.

> 

Reviewer: This doesn't really belong under the sub header of **About the Keyboard Shortcuts**.

Since this PR is to some extent obsoleting the **!!! Note** on line 81. I suggest moving that note to the bottom of the **Editing** commands and reword it (well, replace the text with the text you have here, which is excellent).

Author: Moved it and updated the wording.
